Updates related to OpenTelemetry. (#126795)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/configure-monitoring.md

>[!NOTE]  
>There's no Entra authentication support for local development.

> >Entra authentication for ingestion using the Application Insights SDK is available exclusively in public clouds. However, OpenTelemetry-based data collection supports Entra authentication across all cloud environments, including sovereign clouds.

Reviewer: We need to use the correct branding...
```suggestion
>There's currently no Microsoft Entra ID authentication support for local development.
>
>When Ingesting data in a sovereign cloud, Microsoft Entra ID authentication isn't available when using the Application Insights SDK.  OpenTelemetry-based data collection supports Microsoft Entra ID authentication across all cloud environments, including sovereign clouds.
```
